# Unity Bot Mapper - 2D Visualisation System

A work in progress digital twin system for real time 2D visualisaton of autonomous robot trajectories with obstacle detection visualisation

## Overview
This Unity application provides a replay of the mapper robot with obstacle detection. The system reads csv files generated by the python script from the microcontroller and creates an animated visualisation showing the robot's journey, detected obstacle and heading information.

## Key Features
- Replay of Path Taken:  Smooth animation of robot movement along recorded GPS path.
- Dynamic Trail Rendering: Gradient-colored trail that builds as the robot moves.
- Obstacle Visualization: Red markers appear with heading orientation when obstacles are detected.
- Camera Following: Smooth Camera tracking.
- Coordinate Scaling: Conversion of lat and lon data into Unity world space.

## Installation

- Install [Unity Hub](https://unity.com/download)
- Extract the zip containig ```/unity``` folder or clone from git
- Import project and install the unity editor version recommended
- Go to Edit -> Prefererences -> External Tools and set External Script Editor to Visual Studio or VS Code or Rider according to your preference.
- In case you use Visual Studio or VS Code. Go to Window -> Package Management -> Package Manager. In Unity Registry, make sure ```Visual Studio Editor``` is installed. 
- In case the objects don't appear on Heirarchy, navigate to ```..\unity\Assets\Scenes``` and execute ```SampleScene.unity```. This should fix it

## Configuration

